oh my god what's going on guys here here
and here is daya welcome and this is
sadly unfortunately to say this is my
only good block ops 3 sniping clip but
without further ado I'm gonna bring you
into these beautiful black ops 2 clips
that I have hit over the course of the
week then why do not want to put these
two ways and I just missed this game I
had a blast book editing together so
hope you guys enjoyed this
my god
fuck my life why did I get clip so
fucking often one too
mr. fireman no fucking the ring was
stolen for me my precious
oh those what a fucking 5 min I would
got to cloth up in a seven-man could
have got the killed Shane and I fucked
them ah
we need some clips guys we need to get
the clip pipe going I've been I've been
slacking all night I just need this guy
to die I need this guy tonight I need
this guy to die and discarded dog and
this girl enjoy who else is getting
killed tonight boys okay no one else I
was literally Sylvester fucking Stallone
Rambo coming through I almost sounded
like him let's go back to back B to B B
to B let's try with a fucking c4 you
little rat come on
this guy is gonna make me kill myself
this guy needs to go what's his fucking
KD oh oh look at this shit oh no 250,000
fuckin emps 185 fucking thousand see
Poor's and he uses tax - this guy's a
definition of the kid you don't want to
play again what is wrong with him
I'll try and get you in here in a little
bit man this lobbies is truly Oh guys he
says he's gonna donate and he wants some
- to chat before he does it you guys can
do that form that'd be nice let me get
that switch feed last fuckin go guys I
picked up the gun got the 9003 weapon
split five man
my nose is running because I chips guys
I'm sorry
we're spicy is fuck
damn I could have easily gotten a
fucking kill chain or something there
maybe one day what I want you to pick me
up I'll pick you up with my two hands
Oh mr. Claude dude I think I was like
one off the kill chain fuck gunshots oh
my god
ultra kill here we go come on boy
rest beat asleep already that should be
enough I'm on fuckin choke head Chucky
woe to those two yo check that Jesus was
back
scusi I was aiming at his head ah fuck
that was gonna be it I thought I had it
guys and he have cuz oh fuck oh my god
hope you enjoyed that guys you can click
the previous upload here there will be
more black ops 3 because the Xbox one
beta is coming out I just want to mix it
up a little bit because that all you see
are these four maps and the same few
guns I just want to change things up for
you guys